ENT-9402: Added note about ignore_interfaces.rx preferred location change (3.21) (#3107)
cfengine/documentation: reference/language-concepts/classes.markdown

    command line option, or defined in a [`classes` promise][classes] promise or
    [`classes` body][Promise types#classes],
    `restart_class` in a `processes` promise, etc).
-   The IP address octets of any active interface (in the form `ipv4_192_0_0_1`,
    `ipv4_192_0_0`, `ipv4_192_0`, `ipv4_192`), provided they are not excluded by
    a regular expression in the file `WORKDIR/ignore_interfaces.rx` or `WORKDIR/inputs/ignore_interfaces.rx`.
  - Note: Support and preference for `WORKDIR/ignore_interfaces.rx` was added

>     and is present in versions greater than `3.23.0`.

Reviewer: greater than? or greater than or equal to? maybe 
```suggestion
    and is present in version 3.23.0 and later.
```
